Maika-san!
How's the river?
Still a little cool, but it feels good!
GLOOM
BY THE WATERFRONT ET CETERA
(FOR ADULTS)
Um...
Why aren't you having fun by the river?
It feels good.
Leave us alone. You shouldn't drag
indoor people outdoors.
This is supposed to be
an informal social gathering.
Why a river? It should've been karaoke!
It can't be helped.
We did rock paper scissors,
and a barbecue at the river was decided.
I don't mind coming to the river,
but I just wanna stay still!
But...
That's fine.
I prepared this and that for us, too.
Something to play with?
We prefer indoor activities
I love buying items in online games!
I want to conserve my energy
until the event.
Come to think of it,
it's almost Summer Comiket.
Um, if you'll be our group's cashier there,
I'll give you a ticket.
For real? Definitely!
I'm good with calculations anyway!
Really? That would be a big help!
Excuse me! Let's at least have a barbecue!
SUPER FLAMES
CHARCOAL
Manager, you're used to doing that, huh?
I often used to barbecue in my yard
when I was little.
How about you, Maika-san?
I grilled autumn salmon
on our charcoal brazier.
Japanese barbecue!
We're ready!
All right, everyone,
please get out the ingredients you brought!
I've got the meat!
I brought vegetables.
I brought onigiri.
I got the drinks.
What about you, Sakuranomiya?
TUNA
Tuna?
Wow!
My parents gave it to me.
That's a rich family for you!
Can you cut and trim that, Manager?
As you might expect,
I have no experience with tuna.
But Maika-san went through the trouble
of bringing it here!
So I'll cook it!
Manager...
S-Sorry!
I have no experience handling tuna!
No, that's not it!
I forgot to give this to you!
I'm gonna keep grilling,
so you guys have to keep eating.
Yummy!
Barbecue is the best!
What happened to the people
who hated being outside?
Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing-Mixing
I'll give you the best part
of the tuna, Manager.
Wait, Mafuyu-san!
What?
I know you're an adult,
but the impression you give...
MINORS                        FROM
DRINKING ALCOHOL
ALCOHOL IS FOR PEOPLE
20 YEARS OF AGE AND OLDER
That's a promise you'd better keep
with your Onee-san here.
As always, it feels weird seeing her drink.
Huh?
You don't drink, Amano-san?
No.
I brought my own stock.
BOOM
You call that your own stock?
My deadline for sending merchandise
to press is tomorrow, see?
You could've said no to this little gathering.
DRINK ALCOHOL  AFTER
SUBMITTING MATERIAL TO PRESS
MINORS                      FROM
DRINKING ALCOHOL
I... promised...
These marshmallows are toasted perfectly.
Here you go!
Thank you!
Here's one for you, too, Kaho.
Thanks!
Hot!
Are you okay?
Be careful, they're hot!
My tongue...
Is it burned?
Manager?
If it were only a little hotter,
we'd have been able to swim.
Too bad, huh?
Then why don't we go to the beach next time?
She may think I was being suggestive!
U-Um, of course I meant all of us together!
All of us at the beach...
But I just have my school swimsuit.
Manager, would you go with me
to buy a swimsuit next time?
Me?
A swimsuit for Maika-san?
What are you doing?
Manager! Eyes on the road!
Mafuyu-san's sleeping!
Manager, wake up!
What the hell are you doing?
SAKURANOMIYA
Oh, Maika...
Are you going out?
Yes.
I'm going shopping for a swimsuit
with my manager today.
Is that right?
Then it's a date?
Y-You can't go empty-handed, Maika!
So she gave me a gift to give to you.
ROCK-HARD RICE CRACKERS
Hard! It's hard!
Japanese hard cookies.
This is it, Maika-san.
Well, shall we go in?
Yes!
Thank you for bringing me here, Manager.
No, not at all. This is nothing.
Let's pick the perfect swimsuit for you!
It looks like this could take all day.
There are so many different styles.
When I was in Italy,
a lot of women wore daring swimsuits.
But maybe Maika-san should stick
with a school swimsuit.
Have you found a good one?
There are so many
that I can't make up my mind.
Then do you want to ask
our coworkers for advice?
That's a good idea!
For Maika-san's swimsuit.,what kind would be good?
STILE
If you're asking us, doesn't that make your presence pointless?
AKI
Very true.
This.
Mafuyu
This one is nice too
They're all such free spirits.
That's it!
I'll ask them what kind
of swimsuits they have!
Sexual harassment...
Sexual harassment!
Is this sexual harassment?
Maybe I should've been the one to ask.
Sexual harassment...
Sexual harassment!
Is this sexual harassment?
What's the point of asking me?
G-Good point.
Maika-san, how about something like this?
I like the design, but doesn't that
expose a little too much?
Or is that normal these days?
Okay, I'll check online
to see what's popular right now.
It shows less than that, so it's okay.
You're comparing two different things!
Well, I'll try it on.
Good.
How am I supposed to put on this cloth
that comes with the suit?
Sorry for the wait!
Huh?
U-Um...
Miss...
So this is how it goes, huh?
The red polka dots are cute!
"Red" made me remember.
I get sunburned easily.
Well, if you have delicate skin,
you get red quick, huh?
Yes. But it's really bad in my case.
I get red like an octopus!
An octopus?
Octopus...
Octopus!
In that case, we'll do
sunburned octopus countermeasures!
First, this!
Also sunglasses! And a hoodie
and long gloves and this and this!
H-How's that?
SUNBURN COUNTERMEASURES
MORE AND MORE
Um, then there's no point
to the swimsuit anymore, huh?
I've decided!
I'm getting this one!
That's a cute design!
Huh? Wait, isn't that a regular outfit?
Actually...
this comes with the swimsuit.
Manager!
Sir!
It's the sea!
We're lucky it's a clear day!
Yeah!
Why are you so cranky
when we're outside just like last time?
And this stuff is really heavy!
There's a laptop, a tablet and a game console
in there, so don't drop it.
As I thought!
Maika-chan!
Your swimsuit is cute, Maika-chan!
It really suits you!
Really?
The manager helped me pick it out.
I really like it, too!
I figured the manager would choose
a school swimsuit for you.
Um, compliment me or diss me,
could you stick with one?
What's wrong, Akizuki-kun?
You keep glancing around.
Oh, it's, how can I put it?
I've never seen a real girl wear a swimsuit
in real life so close before.
I don't know where to look.
Jeez!
I'm sure you got an eyeful
at the school's pool!
It's not the same thing!
Get away from me!
I'll do my best
so Maika-san can have a good time!
There!
Over to you!
Miu-san!
Go!
Hinata!
Leave it to me!
There!
I've been to the beach before,
but this is my first time swimming.
Manager, are your feet
still touching the bottom?
It's still shallow here.
But I think there's a drop-off nearby.
Maika-san, be careful—
Maika-san!
Are you all right?
Let's go back to the shallows.
O-Okay.
MOE
I-Is this the traditional lucky copping a feel
you get with Japanese moe animation?
Lucky Sukebe!
I never thought I'd be able to experience
a staple of the genre like this!
But this is my chance.
Wouldn't going back to shore be wasting it?
With apologies to Maika-san,
maybe we can hang out here a little longer.
Sorry! Let's go back right now!
All right!
Finished!
Sand feels nice and cool.
Bury me later!
Yeah, su—
BOING
I'm going! I'm going home!
I wanna go home!
Wh-What's wrong?
Wh-What's with you?
Nothing.
Just looking at you gave me an idea
for a bonus summer comic story.
Uh, what kind of story?
A man buried in the sand is molested
by multiple tentacles from below,
and he's drowning in ecstasy, but hopelessly
tries to hide it from those around him.
What the hell are you thinking
when you look at somebody?
Well, recently I see a lot of ads online about
stories with characters stuck in walls, so...
A situation where the character can't move
is great because it feels so immoral.
I'm sorry!
For what?
Sorry for having you come
with me to buy shaved ice.
Oh, don't worry about it.
Um, Kaho-san wants Blue Hawaii,
lemon for Mafuyu-san,
condensed milk for Miu-san,
and melon for Akizuki-san.
I'm surprised you remember all that!
Remembering orders is one of the basics
of customer service.
I think I'll get green tea.
How about you, Manager—
Is something wrong?
It seems I cut my foot on something.
An injury! It's terrible!
W-W-W-We need to get it washed
and bandaged!
I-I-I can walk! I can walk by myself!
Wait here!
I'll buy bandages!
U-Um, Manager!
He left.
I feel bad for causing trouble
after we came all this way to the beach.
S-So that's what it's like
to be swept off your feet like a princess.
Shaved ice, shaved ice!
I hope it comes soon, shaved ice!
What is that song?
The shaved ice song!
I bought water,
so first I'll wash out the wound.
Okay.
Manager, you kind of look bigger today.
You've helped me several times today,
so you look bigger than usual.
I can't explain it well.
But it's like your presence...
Isn't that strange?
Since I see you all the time...
I-It sure is hot today, isn't it?
Y-Yeah, because it's summer.
Maika-chan and the manager are late!
Maybe something happened?
Do I have a feeling
that a beach side story is going on?
The innocent Maika-san gets burned
one summer day, right?
Signs of love! Love in the sand!
We're back!
That's a bad burn.
The breeze feels good, doesn't it?
Did you have a good time today?
Yes!
BUSY WITH
BANANAS AND STRAWBERRIES
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?